Revert device gradients fix (#2595)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  instead of the controlled version of the diagonal unitary.
  [(#2525)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/2525)

> * Reverted device defined gradients fix [(#2485)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/2485), since

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated the gradients fix [(#2485)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/2485) to only apply to the `strawberryfields.gbs` device, since
```

>   code change was breaking some devices. [(#2595)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/2595)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the original logic was breaking some devices. [(#2595)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/2595)
```
